feat(changelog): kubernetes-added-ip-whitelisting-for-kubernetes-kapsule 2025-01-07 (#4181)
scaleway/docs-content: changelog/january2025/2025-01-07-kubernetes-added-ip-whitelisting-for-kubernetes-kapsule.mdx

---
title: IP Whitelisting for Kubernetes Kapsule and Kosmos Clusters
status: added
author:
    fullname: 'Join the #[xxx] channel on Slack.'
    url: 'https://slack.scaleway.com'
date: 2025-01-07
category: containers
product: kubernetes
---

> - **New:** Ability to restrict cluster access by specifying allowed IPs in CIDR notation.  
> - **Default:** `0.0.0.0/0` allows connections from all IPs.  
> - **Added:** UI for adding and deleting allowed IPs via the Scaleway console.  
> - **Note:** Kosmos clusters require unrestricted access from Scaleway IP subnets.  
> This security enhancement reduces the risk of unauthorized access. Find more information in the [documentation](https://www.scaleway.com/en/docs/containers/kubernetes/how-to/manage-allowed-ips/).  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kubernetes Kapsule users can now restrict cluster access by specifying allowed IPs in CIDR notation. The default configuration `0.0.0.0/0` allows connections from all IPs.  
<Message type="note">
  Kosmos clusters require unrestricted access from Scaleway IP subnets. This security enhancement reduces the risk of unauthorized access. Find more information in the [documentation](https://www.scaleway.com/en/docs/containers/kubernetes/how-to/manage-allowed-ips/).
</Message>
```
